# beginner_python
This repository consists of work done during the Code In Place course held by Stanford University over quarantine. The course corresponds to the first half of their CS106A course and teaches programming in Python. The course took place over the course of five weeks and progressed from learning basic commands to progams focusing on data analysis through the use of lists. I have divided the projects done in Code In Place and my personal projects after the course into separate sub-folders.

**Code_In_Place**   
The Code In Place sub-folder contains the various projects provided in the assignments in Code In Place. Each folder within the Code In Place folder contains all of the problems addressed in a single assignment, which shared a common topic. The two main assigment topics were numerical Python programs when we were early into learning the fundamentals of Python, and image editing programs. As such, the Code In Place folder is further sub-divided into the Image_Editing folder and the Numerical_Projects folder. The final COVID_Data sub-folder corresponds to the final project, in which we could choose what assignment we would like to work on. I chose to create an animated graph of COVID-19 cases in the United States for the month of April.

**Personal_Projects**  
The Personal Projects sub-folder contains the Python projects that I worked on following the completion of Code In Place. These projects are further described in the README included in the folder itself, but my personal projects include a fun image-editing program, a game of Brickbreaker, a coin-flipper, a number guessing program, a quiz to help users figure out what sort of snack they want to eat, a temperature converter, and more.
